Oh, you're welcome.
Thanh Minh is my good brother, what about money?
Dear brother, you are too disrespectful to kiss me.
I'm saying this doesn't count.
So what's the difference between pooping and coming back?
OK, you can take it for me.
There's a few more things.
In three days, there will be a group meeting of the To Thanh Chamber of Commerce.
I hope you can help me get in touch with some other big families.
How far can we deal with the Dragon God of Ye God together?
I don't know much about Ip either.
But I heard you say something about Dragon Soul Warrior King today.
I feel like he's not simple.
We have sinned against him today.
remembered by him.
None of us will be fine.
Is this a direct confrontation?
Unexpected brother a villain and the female owner can cooperate to polish.
What is this, bloody dog?
It can't be reached anyway.
It's not like directly killing a dawn.
OK, then I will help you contact the Wang Dynasty and the Su Dynasty, and together they are scared to become Longcheng Police.
One word.
That's right, sir.
Oh that s what hahaha we both have some work, go ahead.
I'll contact you later, haha.
Goodbye, goodbye.
I haven't seen my brother in years.
Sister, what are you talking about?
I said it's time to find you a brother-in-law.
Congratulations to the dorm that survived the dramas chasing other stars, at the same time exceeding the expectations of the Dragon King who was seriously injured.
Congratulations on getting the person slowly replenishing the health, water, light, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I can finally face the Dragon King, haha, is that okay?
It's okay, Zhao, you did very well.
Don't go to Siberia for now.
Here's a reward for two.
Thank you, young master, we will definitely be young master.
The army moves backwards.
It's dead.
There were two of them with me.